well howdy there I don't have people
let's bow again so tonight we're going
to talk about solutions as Americans we
like simple solutions like easy
solutions the problem with that is our
problems are often complex multifaceted
have a lot of moving pieces solving
complex problems often takes a lot of
thought
planning and multiple phases different
tactics to addressing a different issue
it's not done in sound bites if there's
a problem real or imagined or
manufactured that has persisted for
decades it probably won't be solved with
a easy fix with a campaign slogan that
can be chanted and repeated requires us
as people to look deeper into these
issues into the underlying causes of
them sometimes requires us to educate
ourselves the question our betters
because those in DC right now they've
lost faith in the American people
they don't believe that Americans are
smart enough or vested enough to
understand simple issues that may have a
complex route and I'm not just talking
about Trump right now I'm talking about
Trump and Pelosi their reactions were
very different to this same realization
Trump he preyed on it he played on that
perceived ignorance and created a crisis
with a simple solution a wall a great
big invulnerable impenetrable perfect
wall and that wall was defeated by a
Reese if so this whole setup
maybe 80 bucks maybe 80 bucks wait until
those guys get their hands on one of
those Sol's they used to extract people
from cars you will lose 60 feet of wall
in two minutes it's not that simple
solution what did it do billions spent
land taken lives disrupted our image
forever changed in the eyes of the world
money diverted a political show the
degrading of American values for a chant
for a simple solution so we could cheer
lead and it didn't work and everybody
knew it wasn't gonna work now on the
other side yeah Pelosi her reaction was
different she's terrified that Americans
are gone that's what it boils down to
she's worried that Americans won't be
able to understand the case against the
president she's worried that there's too
many people too many moving pieces that
we won't be able to follow it when at
the end of the day it's it's it's not
complex it is simple under campaign
finance laws soliciting a thing of value
from a foreign national is illegal
period full stop doesn't matter why you
did it doesn't matter if you engaged in
quid pro quo none of that matters
that alone soliciting a thing of value
for your campaign from a foreign
national is against law it's unlawful
can't do it and he did that and admitted
it and provided a transcript he wants us
all to read
her concern is that Americans aren't
smart enough to follow that line because
when you get to the end of it
well is it a thing of value how is an
investigation money because it doesn't
have to have a monetary value attached
to it an endorsement is a thing of value
if this wasn't something valuable to
Trump's campaign why did he have his
personal lawyer at all of these other
people engaging in this massive I don't
want to say conspiracy effort to obtain
it
the only reason they do that is if it
had value they wouldn't do it for
nothing it's open and shocked it's very
simple and it doesn't matter which side
of the aisle you're on if you're honest
with yourself you know that's true it's
not that Americans can't understand
complex issues it's not that we can't
follow along the average American is not
dumb the average American is pretty
smart
it's that we'd rather cede our power to
our betters we'd rather cheerlead than
think we'd rather not address any of the
other issues with the wall you go back
and look at that we don't want to talk
about our interventions we don't want to
talk about our foreign and domestic
policies that create the conditions for
these people to leave and want to come
here we don't want to talk about any of
that we want a simple solution we want a
cheerlead we don't want to talk about
the history and the fact is if you
understand history you can understand
the future anyway
it's just a fall y'all have a good night